Don't stand back like a ghost and think about who?
Ghost? If you don’t do bad things, you won’t be afraid of ghosts knocking on your door.
Is it still comfortable to spend money without conscience?
What is money without conscience? What are you talking about?
I don’t understand? Paotu Diversity!
Come on!
Sorry, madam, can you tell me that I've already been charged?
How is this possible? You simple?
Is it your fault? Get the bank to me quickly!
So? Are you really strong?
Do you want to grab the same card? Is it an annual commercial signing?
This strength? Let’s talk about it in the suggestions! Don’t look for the money.
Don’t you understand?
Huaer lives at home and spends money to cheat
You also told me about that money
What's going on